How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It was very well.
I never knew I could find differences between two files so easily. Comparing two files in seconds has never been easier!

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Because in a long term we will do a lot of updation in the codes, add some new features, security enhancements,
but sometimes we would want to go back to the previous codes to check for backward compatibility.
In that case easy access to the entire history really helps.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git,
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Manually choosing when to commit is the best way because it gives us control on when to commit and when not to, but this also poses a problem
because some coders who are new to this thing and havent yet developed the habit will find it difficult to adapt to manually committing.
Whereas saving automatically at certain intervals is good but then the history will get cluttered with unwanted references also.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because Git knows that changes in one file could be made to another file(s) also as they can be related to each other. So, a commit should include
many files if that particular commit changes things in more than one file.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log and git diff are two beautiful commands of Git.
git log shows us all the commits with their ids and names of the commits.
git diff compares two commit IDs to show the changes between them.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

It can make us very confident as we know that if we break something, then we can obviously go back to a desired "check point" that is called "commit" here
which can let us find the code that broke up program!

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use Git to be able to review my old codes and to know where I made which change.